README.md, before:

# AgoraNet

AgoraNet is the deliberation platform for the Intercooperative Network (ICN), providing proposal discussion, credential linking, and governance deliberation.

## Features

- Proposal-centric discussion threads
- Credential linking (connecting governance credentials to discussion threads)
- Federation-aware proposal visibility
- Integration with the ICN runtime and wallet

## Credential Linking

AgoraNet includes a powerful feature for linking Verifiable Credentials from the ICN wallet to proposal discussion threads. This allows:

1. Users to prove their participation in governance
2. Threads to show governance actions (votes, finalizations, etc.)
3. Governance credentials to reference associated discussion

### API Endpoints

- `POST /api/threads/credential-link` - Link a credential to a thread
- `GET /api/threads/credential-links` - List all credentials linked to a thread

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Rust 1.70+
- Cargo

### Setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/intercooperative/icn-agoranet.git
cd icn-agoranet
cargo build
```

### Running

```bash
cargo run
```

The API server will start on http://localhost:8080

## Integration

AgoraNet integrates with the ICN ecosystem:

- **ICN Wallet**: Links credentials to AgoraNet threads
- **ICN Runtime**: Provides receipts and proposal info
- **ICN Dev Node**: Helps with federation onboarding

Commit message:

Refactor project structure and update dependencies: Transitioned from Actix to Axum for the web framework, added new dependencies for tracing, SQLx, and libp2p, and revised README to reflect updated features and API endpoints.

README.md, after:

# AgoraNet

The deliberation layer for the Intercooperative Network (ICN). AgoraNet is a device-aware web interface that synchronizes federated proposal discussions, guardian votes, identity recovery, and anchored decisions to a DAG (Directed Acyclic Graph).

## Features

- Federated deliberation threads
- Verifiable Credential linking
- DAG anchoring support
- DID-authenticated messaging
- Mobile-first design for ICN Wallet UI integration

## API Endpoints

- `/api/threads` - List all deliberation threads
- `/api/threads/credential-link` - Link a Verifiable Credential to a thread
- `/api/threads/credential-links` - List credential links for threads

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Rust 2021 edition or later
- PostgreSQL database

### Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:

```bash
cargo build
```

3. Run the development server:

```bash
cargo run
```

The API will be available at `http://localhost:8080`.

## Architecture

AgoraNet is built using:

- Axum - Rust web framework
- SQLx - SQL toolkit for Rust
- libp2p - P2P networking for federation
- CID & Multihash - Content-addressable storage

## License

Copyright (c) 2023 Intercooperative Network
